# Exercises
A series of interview style exercises with Java 8 and pre Java 8 solutions

## Factorial
A factor of a number x is a number that can be multiplied by another number to give you x, for example `x = 15` so the numbers **5** and **3** are factors of 15: `5 * 3 = 15`.    
The factorial of x is generated by multiplication of factors in the range 1 to x, this is written as x factorial or x!.    
The factorial of 0 (0!) is `0`  
The factorial of 1 (1!) is `1`  
The factorial of 3 (3!) for example would be `1 * 2 * 3 = 6`   
The factorial of 6 (6!) would be `1 * 2 * 3 * 4 * 5 * 6 = 720`  

Write a recursive program to calculate factorials.  
Write a procedural program to calculate factorials.  
Write the recursive solution using Java 8 streams and lambdas.
  
## Callbacks

The `CallbackOperator` is a service that has a callback style method similar to the following psuedo code:
```
public String performCallback (Callback callback){
    return callback.callback();
}
```
This consumes a `Callback` interface:
```
public inteface Callback {
    String callback();
}
```
There is an abstract method called `String setupCallback()`, in this method you will call `super.performCallback(Callback callback)` in three different ways.

Create three subclasses of CallbackOperator which contain an implementation of the call back in one of three ways via their `setupCallback()` method:
1. `VariableCallbackOperator` where an implementation of the Callback interface is explicitly created seperately and assigned to its own variable and then passed to `performCallback` method.
1. `InnerClassCallbackOperator` an annoymous inner class that performs the same function as the explicit object above but is created and instantiated within the service setup code.
1. `LambdaCallbackOperator` a lambda call removing the need for a static anonymous class.

Once these subclasses and their abstract methods are created and instantiated then the code should compile and you can test your implementations.